1. “In fair weather, prepare for foul.” — Thomas Fuller

2. “Weather forecast for tonight: dark.” — George Carlin

3. “I love the rain. It’s my favorite weather.” — Kristen Wiig

4. “I love being in a city with great weather.” — Sean McVay

5. “I’m not into cold weather, I like warm weather.” — Amos Lee

6. “My style varies on my mood or the weather of the day.” — Jennie

7. “Climate is what we expect, weather is what we get.” — Mark Twain

8. “We may achieve climate, but weather is thrust upon us.” — O. Henry

9. “Conversation about the weather is the last refuge of the unimaginative.” — Oscar Wilde

10. “A change in the weather is sufficient to recreate the world and ourselves.” — Marcel Proust

11. “If you want to see the sunshine, you have to weather the storm.” — Frank Lane

12. “Faith is not a delicate flower which would wither away under the slightest stormy weather.” — Mahatma Gandhi

13. “Learn to dance in the storm so when life hands you stormy weather, you just glide through it.” — Ikechukwu Izuakor

14. “Talent is nurtured in solitude; character is formed in the stormy billows of the world.” — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

15. “No one’s life is a smooth sail; we all come into stormy weather. But it’s this adversity – and more specifically our resilience – that makes us strong and successful.” — Tony Robbins

16. “Stormy Weather is really wonderful – it ought to be required reading for everyone who is concerned about our planet’s climate, beginning in every high school in the country.” — Ross Gelbspan

17. “Take long walks in stormy weather or through deep snows in the fields and woods, if you would keep your spirits up. Deal with brute nature. Be cold and hungry and weary.” — Henry David Thoreau

18. “I like storms. I would say I actively like stormy weather. I would not be afraid of them. I think that if I had not pursued journalism, I think storm-chasing would’ve been a really fun career.” — Chuck Klosterman

19. “For there is no friend like a sister in calm or stormy weather; To cheer one on the tedious way, to fetch one if one goes astray, to lift one if one totters down, to strengthen whilst one stands.” — Christina Rossetti

20. “I have seen many storms in my life. Most storms have caught me by surprise, so I had to learn very quickly to look further and understand that I am not capable of controlling the weather, to exercise the art of patience, and to respect the fury of nature.” — Paulo Coelho

21. “He was sunshine most always-I mean, he made it seem like good weather.” — Mark Twain

22. “My wife Danielle and I love traveling, different cultures, and good weather.” — Gary Lineker

23. “Thank you God, for the good weather, I can’t wait to see all the beautiful colors of fall.” — Unknown

24. “When the weather’s good, there’s no better place to be than the British countryside.” — Ross Kemp

25. “I’m leaving because the weather is too good. I hate London when it’s not raining.” — Groucho Marx

26. “California is lucky, the East Coast is lucky because we get great seafood and a lot of produce from Florida, locally in good weather, but in the winter, we have to buy it.” — Eric Ripert

27. “Good weather all the week, but come the weekend, the weather stinks. When the weather is too hot, they complain, too cold they complain, and when it’s just right, they’re watching TV.” — Rita Rudner

28. “Never has good weather felt so bad. Never have flowers inspired so much fear. Never has the warm caress of a sunbeam seemed so ominous. The weather is sublime, it’s glorious, it’s the end of the world.” — Joel Achenbach

29. “We have thousands of opportunities every day to be grateful: for having good weather, to have slept well last night, to be able to get up, to be healthy, to have enough to eat. … There’s opportunity upon opportunity to be grateful; that’s what life is.” — David Steindl-Rast

30. “And so we stayed out in the garden of the old house until we couldn’t kick a ball, laughing in the gathering twilight, making the most of the good weather and all the days that were left, our little game watched only by next door’s cat, and every star in the heavens.” — Tony Parsons

31. “Bad weather always looks worse through a window.” — Tom Lehrer

32. “Concrete is, essentially, the color of bad weather.” — William Hamilton

33. “There’s no such thing as bad weather, just soft people.” — Bill Bowerman

34. “There is no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.” — John Ruskin

35. “It’s only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy, we face the storm and defy it.” — Amelia Barr

36. “We may have bad weather in Ireland, but the sun shines in the hearts of the people, and that keeps us all warm.” — Marianne Williamson

37. “As a mountain walker, one of the most frustrating mistakes one can make in bad weather is taking the wrong route down.” — Dominic Grieve

38. “Everyone knows, at some level, that the sharp line between “good weather” and “bad weather” is a fiction, that we need rain as surely as we need sun.” — Bill McKibben

39. “In bad weather, I spent hours drawing action figures on paper, coloring them, backing them on cardboard, then cutting them out and creating whole stories around their lives.” — Terry Brooks

40. “We often hear of bad weather, but in reality no weather is bad. It is all delightful, though in different ways. Some weather may be bad for farmers or crops, but for man, all kinds are good. Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating.” — John Lubbock

41. “I’m not a fan of cold weather.” — Ravyn Lenae

42. “I like the cold weather. It means you get work done.” — Noam Chomsky

43. “It is best to read the weather forecast before praying for rain.” — Mark Twain

44. “Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.” — Charles Dudley Warner

45. “Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.” — Anthony J. D’Angelo

46. “Who cares about the clouds when we’re together? Just sing a song and bring the sunny weather.” — Dale Evans

47. “The Bermuda Triangle got tired of warm weather. It moved to Alaska. Now Santa Claus is missing.” — Steven Wright

48. “I pass my time in the open air on the beach when it is really heavy weather or when the boats go out fishing.” — Claude Monet

49. “Most floods are caused by man, not weather; deforestation, levee construction, erosion, and overgrazing all result in the loss of ecosystem services.” — Paul Hawken

50. “Nature is so powerful, so strong. Capturing its essence is not easy – your work becomes a dance with light and the weather. It takes you to a place within yourself.” — Annie Leibovitz