50 Weather Quotes for Sunny and Rainy Days
Norbert Juma
By Norbert Juma

Master quote curator and editor on a mission to inspire

Published January 5, 2023
Weather quotes offer a fresh and soothing feeling. 

If you are searching for these quotes, we have something to share with you. 

Here, we have arranged the best 50 weather quotes to inspire you. 

Besides, you can also learn about the different components of our weather. 

If interested, please continue reading.

How is weather formed? 
There are six major components of weather. These include:

Atmospheric pressure 
Temperature 
Clouds
Humidity 
Wind 
Rain
If any of these elements change, it results in changing the weather pattern. 

Here, all these factors are briefly discussed.

Check out these weather balloon quotes for more information!

Atmospheric pressure
This factor relates to the density and weight of the air.

With changing atmospheric pressure, the atmosphere could become cooler or warmer. 

This is because the change in air density affects its temperature. 

According to the law of physics, dense air molecules are colder and have less energy. 

Therefore, the high atmospheric weather system brings cooler air.

Low-pressure systems increase the temperatures. 

Temperature
Temperature refers to the coldness or hotness of the atmosphere. 

The heat absorbed by the sun is retained in our atmosphere, known as the greenhouse effect. 

The overall temperature of our atmosphere depends on the duration of the day and the intensity of the sunlight. 

The temperature on the poles is the lowest, as these areas are away from direct sunlight.

Conversely, the temperature on the equator is higher, as this part receives maximum sunlight. 

Clouds
Clouds are an essential part of our weather system. 

These are made of tiny droplets or water vapors.

Clouds are formed when water evaporates from large bodies like seas, lakes, and rivers. 

Upon condensation, these water vapors cool down and form clouds. 

Humidity
Humidity is defined as the amount of water vapors in the air. 

It increases with the increase in temperature. 

Besides, cooler air is less humid, as it cannot carry excessive water vapors.

With increased humidity levels, the chances of precipitation are also higher.

Wind
We describe the wind as moving air. 

The speed of the wind depends on atmospheric pressure. 

When air flows from an area of high pressure to one with low pressure, it gains speed.  

Hence, the difference between the air pressure determines the wind speed. 

Rain
When water vapors in the clouds cool down, they become tiny water droplets that are heavy and fall from the sky. 

This is how rain happens. 

Besides, tropical areas have more rain and a humid environment. 

Top 10 weather quotes
Here are the best weather quotes your friends and followers on social media will surely appreciate.

1. “In fair weather, prepare for foul.” — Thomas Fuller

2. “Weather forecast for tonight: dark.” — George Carlin

Related  50 Currency Quotes About Standardized Money
3. “I love the rain. It’s my favorite weather.” — Kristen Wiig

4. “I love being in a city with great weather.” — Sean McVay

5. “I’m not into cold weather, I like warm weather.” — Amos Lee

6. “My style varies on my mood or the weather of the day.” — Jennie

7. “Climate is what we expect, weather is what we get.” — Mark Twain

8. “We may achieve climate, but weather is thrust upon us.” — O. Henry

9. “Conversation about the weather is the last refuge of the unimaginative.” — Oscar Wilde

10. “A change in the weather is sufficient to recreate the world and ourselves.” — Marcel Proust

Stormy weather quotes
The storm is not just a metaphor for extreme weather but also for trying times. The quotes in this section serve as an excellent example of this.

11. “If you want to see the sunshine, you have to weather the storm.” — Frank Lane

12. “Faith is not a delicate flower which would wither away under the slightest stormy weather.” — Mahatma Gandhi

13. “Learn to dance in the storm so when life hands you stormy weather, you just glide through it.” — Ikechukwu Izuakor

14. “Talent is nurtured in solitude; character is formed in the stormy billows of the world.” — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

15. “No one’s life is a smooth sail; we all come into stormy weather. But it’s this adversity – and more specifically our resilience – that makes us strong and successful.” — Tony Robbins

16. “Stormy Weather is really wonderful – it ought to be required reading for everyone who is concerned about our planet’s climate, beginning in every high school in the country.” — Ross Gelbspan

17. “Take long walks in stormy weather or through deep snows in the fields and woods, if you would keep your spirits up. Deal with brute nature. Be cold and hungry and weary.” — Henry David Thoreau

18. “I like storms. I would say I actively like stormy weather. I would not be afraid of them. I think that if I had not pursued journalism, I think storm-chasing would’ve been a really fun career.” — Chuck Klosterman

19. “For there is no friend like a sister in calm or stormy weather; To cheer one on the tedious way, to fetch one if one goes astray, to lift one if one totters down, to strengthen whilst one stands.” — Christina Rossetti

20. “I have seen many storms in my life. Most storms have caught me by surprise, so I had to learn very quickly to look further and understand that I am not capable of controlling the weather, to exercise the art of patience, and to respect the fury of nature.” — Paulo Coelho

Related  50 Expectation Quotes To Fuel Your Mind And Spirit
Good weather quotes
Make use of the best weather quotes to appreciate good weather. Go nowhere else; find them right here in this section.

21. “He was sunshine most always-I mean, he made it seem like good weather.” — Mark Twain

22. “My wife Danielle and I love traveling, different cultures, and good weather.” — Gary Lineker

23. “Thank you God, for the good weather, I can’t wait to see all the beautiful colors of fall.” — Unknown

24. “When the weather’s good, there’s no better place to be than the British countryside.” — Ross Kemp

25. “I’m leaving because the weather is too good. I hate London when it’s not raining.” — Groucho Marx

26. “California is lucky, the East Coast is lucky because we get great seafood and a lot of produce from Florida, locally in good weather, but in the winter, we have to buy it.” — Eric Ripert

27. “Good weather all the week, but come the weekend, the weather stinks. When the weather is too hot, they complain, too cold they complain, and when it’s just right, they’re watching TV.” — Rita Rudner

28. “Never has good weather felt so bad. Never have flowers inspired so much fear. Never has the warm caress of a sunbeam seemed so ominous. The weather is sublime, it’s glorious, it’s the end of the world.” — Joel Achenbach

29. “We have thousands of opportunities every day to be grateful: for having good weather, to have slept well last night, to be able to get up, to be healthy, to have enough to eat. … There’s opportunity upon opportunity to be grateful; that’s what life is.” — David Steindl-Rast

30. “And so we stayed out in the garden of the old house until we couldn’t kick a ball, laughing in the gathering twilight, making the most of the good weather and all the days that were left, our little game watched only by next door’s cat, and every star in the heavens.” — Tony Parsons

Bad weather quotes
When the weather doesn’t go your way, it’s sometimes called “bad weather.” These weather quotes provide insight into the weather-related views of those around us.

31. “Bad weather always looks worse through a window.” — Tom Lehrer

32. “Concrete is, essentially, the color of bad weather.” — William Hamilton

33. “There’s no such thing as bad weather, just soft people.” — Bill Bowerman

34. “There is no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.” — John Ruskin

35. “It’s only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy, we face the storm and defy it.” — Amelia Barr

36. “We may have bad weather in Ireland, but the sun shines in the hearts of the people, and that keeps us all warm.” — Marianne Williamson

Related  25 Thomas Mann Quotes About The Nature Of The Soul
37. “As a mountain walker, one of the most frustrating mistakes one can make in bad weather is taking the wrong route down.” — Dominic Grieve

38. “Everyone knows, at some level, that the sharp line between “good weather” and “bad weather” is a fiction, that we need rain as surely as we need sun.” — Bill McKibben

39. “In bad weather, I spent hours drawing action figures on paper, coloring them, backing them on cardboard, then cutting them out and creating whole stories around their lives.” — Terry Brooks

40. “We often hear of bad weather, but in reality no weather is bad. It is all delightful, though in different ways. Some weather may be bad for farmers or crops, but for man, all kinds are good. Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating.” — John Lubbock

Some more weather quotes
Here are a few other interesting weather quotes.

41. “I’m not a fan of cold weather.” — Ravyn Lenae

42. “I like the cold weather. It means you get work done.” — Noam Chomsky

43. “It is best to read the weather forecast before praying for rain.” — Mark Twain

44. “Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.” — Charles Dudley Warner

45. “Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.” — Anthony J. D’Angelo

46. “Who cares about the clouds when we’re together? Just sing a song and bring the sunny weather.” — Dale Evans

47. “The Bermuda Triangle got tired of warm weather. It moved to Alaska. Now Santa Claus is missing.” — Steven Wright

48. “I pass my time in the open air on the beach when it is really heavy weather or when the boats go out fishing.” — Claude Monet

49. “Most floods are caused by man, not weather; deforestation, levee construction, erosion, and overgrazing all result in the loss of ecosystem services.” — Paul Hawken

50. “Nature is so powerful, so strong. Capturing its essence is not easy – your work becomes a dance with light and the weather. It takes you to a place within yourself.” — Annie Leibovitz